README.md, before:

# BiTSCR

## Requirement
R version at least 4.1.1 (2021-08-10)

## Input data files
1. Two gene node covariate datasets from the first species and second species respectively
2. An edge matrix that includes the orthology information between these two species

## Output data
The frequency matrix $\bar{M}$ indicate how frequent two genes are connected in the simulations.

## Tutorial and notes
- Please see the R markdown "testbitsc.Rmd" in the vignettes for examples to install, run, and visualize the output cluster. 
- Please allow for at least 10 minutes for the algorithm to generate result for the example. 
- Please make sure R can take at least 7 GB space to store intermediate matrix during calculation. 
- Please expect the warnings such as "Warning in do.call(.Call, args = dot_call_args) : only 10 eigenvalue(s) converged, less than k = 15", which are caused by the inconsistency of the $K_0$ and the actual number of clusters may be generated when $K_0$ is large. Note that when the warnings exist, the performance and accuracy of the implementation are not affected.

Commit message:

delete test files & update BiTSC and testbitsc

README.md, after:

# BiTSCR

## Requirement
- Please make sure the R version at least 4.1.1 (2021-08-10).
- The BiTSCR package depends on other packages. Please allow some time (~1-2 minutes) to install the required packages.
- Please allow for at least 10 minutes for the algorithm to generate result for the example. Note that the runtime may vary from machine to machine.
- Please make sure R can take at least 7 GB space to store intermediate matrix during calculation. 

## Possible Warnings
Please expect the warnings such as "Warning in do.call(.Call, args = dot_call_args) : only 10 eigenvalue(s) converged, less than k = 15", which are caused by the inconsistency of the $K_0$ and the actual number of clusters may be generated when $K_0$ is large. Note that when the warnings exist, the performance and accuracy of the implementation are not affected.

## Input data files
1. Two gene node covariate datasets from the first species and second species respectively
2. An edge matrix that includes the orthology information between these two species

## Outputs
The frequency matrix $\bar{M}$ indicate how frequent two genes are connected in the simulations. The output can be polished and visualized using hierarchical clustering. There will be a dendrogram, a plot of cdf, and a list showing the index of gene that are grouped together. To match the index of the gene with the name of the gene, please find the gene dictionary in the folder "dictionary". Please see more details of the example in the following tutorial section.

## Tutorial
Please see the R markdown "testbitsc.Rmd" in the vignettes for examples to install, run, and visualize the output clusters. 
Although using the provided Rmarkdown as an insight is highly recommended, to install and run the package locally, please see the following example and make sure all requirement are satisfied.
```
library(devtools)
devtools::install_github("Orion-qx/BiTSCR")
rho = 0.05
ninter = 3
urlfile1 = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edensunyidan/BiTSC/master/data/node_covariate_one.csv"
urlfile2 = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edensunyidan/BiTSC/master/data/node_covariate_two.csv"
urlfile3 = "https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edensunyidan/BiTSC/master/data/edge_one_two.csv"
avg.M <- BiTSCR::bitsc(rho, ninter, urlfile1, urlfile2, urlfile3)
```
